Fix curves in subway map (#1355)
nf-core/rnaseq: CHANGELOG.md

- [PR #1345](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/pull/1345) - Fix preprocessing call
- [PR #1350](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/pull/1350) - Reduce resource usage for sort process in bedtools/genomecov
- [PR #1353](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/pull/1353) - Correct conditional for salmon indexing in preprocessing workflow

> - [PR #1355](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/pull/1355) - Fix curves on subway map

Author: ```suggestion
- [PR #1355](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/pull/1355) - Make all curves on subway map better looking, and all lines now have the same width
```
